hey how you doing thanks for joining us
for this week's post a report January of
the 21st 2014
dealers end of the year Strong's and the
first couple of weeks has been a little
bit slow for some guys but I'll tell you
what they're here today bidding on cars
name you know so we got dealers here
from all over the West for our first
sale from honda finance we've got 85
cars day and they're all bringing all
the money
16-21
so the repos and trades are also very
strong again the retail sales have only
been mediocre the past couple of
weekends but dealers really need the
inventory because I not holiday weeks it
kind of mixed up their buying cycle so
they need the cars our bank rep are
reporting strong returns today go to
tenants and really good bidding activity
across the board sheet cars upper end
cars mid-range cars really performing
well next week greater Sacramento annual
code cells by three or more to get some
great quality coats and jackets you're
not going to want to miss it over 2,000
cars reserve your numbers early the
lanes are going to be full of cars so
next week we're gonna have a great
consignment from all of our major
consigners Ford factory Monday afternoon
and next week also wheels be running
over 75 units you're not going to want
to miss it 39 day float on all those
vehicles great quality well maintained
leased vehicles from wheels least
returns thanks for joining us we'll see
you next week
you